Replacing a few more Keybase links (#455)
bitsquare/site: README.md

All translations work, for the website and otherwise, takes place on [Transifex](https://www.transifex.com/bisq/). Please do not make pull requests for non-English text changes in this repository!

> If you'd like to propose adding a new language to the website, please get in touch in the Growth channel [on Matrix](https://bisq.chat/) or open an issue in this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to propose adding a new language to the website, please get in touch in the Growth channel [on Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#bisq.growth:bitcoin.kyoto) or open an issue in this repository.
```
